Meeting Title: food bank marketplace
Date: Apr 25
Meeting participants: Arian Pasquali
 
Me: I think if you're thinking Someone let it go. Marketplace, it cannot be a good better best because matter like that. Service model that you can do is is more like go Right? Maybe a food bank is like, we need 50 k. For x or something. Yeah. But so the that woods, if you shave If you do it more project based or with a cap at least set by the association, you don't have the issue for your take hold because at some point, just goes as for submissions. Yeah. But other the other method is also totally I I think the connection with the individual product is lesser if it is subscription based and you are only facing with us or, you know, we give you some report, like, the monies are the police three things. That could be something. We take it on as a platform to determine how the money gets then what do we do when we have a 100 different food banks? Are we gonna split a €30 subscription or a €200 subscription? It's a $100. So each two bag is €10. Okay. Validated. But so from a CSR perspective, nothing less than a a yearly makes sense, right, for corporate. Like, yeah, you can do monthly subscriptions. But on a in a CSR angle, I'm not sure that's Let's say the yeah. So they need to do it, like, depending on the revenue. Right? But let's say a company that makes a leverage. 1,000,000 ARR, Yeah. Donates 25,000. Yeah. And so we need to figure out what's the best way to get this 25 k out. What goes No. It Yeah. It's not only me. Right? No. Because because the clouds afternoon was the money was this issue. like, So we need to propose a system, which we have to be partial in the So let's say the thing goes with either software or So what we can do is build a new software layer that translates from this existing data into frame data. The the 25 k for instance, the is you you as a company, you come with the money, and then you go to the marketplace and say, now use this money, give me the certain certification. Can we really We really translate that to c o the to to c o two? Can we? To translate that to c o two crack So you can say what And you are only eligible to be on the marketplace if you have that data open. Like, yeah. But do they because you you mentioned The sustainability data Obligated to report its sustainability. Efforts. Mhmm. And she is. For example, Widen's For just Widen's food bank It's a great business plan. My product, you get c two, it's estimates, which estimates or Okay. I'm I'm recording again. This older credits are assigned to puns out and puns for people with respect to have it. The money is so I would say send the bill right away. Yeah. But who do we send the bill to? Right? We we only know who to send the money to once the employees decide which which food banks to go. Right? If we want to give so there's there's so but you send the bill to the bank? Yeah. Then the money goes distribute the money there. Depending on the token. 