Meeting Title: whale anthropic kickoff
Date: Apr 25
Meeting participants: Arian Pasquali

Transcript:
 
Me: So that's how we felt okay. Let's just get that cash. There Which is made both maybe the most desirable price. On here. Right? They will all get the So it's like a sort of wheel child Lego, a small truck. Favor. So Then for the rest of the introduction, we're gonna introduce a couple of our partners on stage. After that, we will also continue from the team because will be in very refined better, like, real world scenarios So off the rest of it, we will have the the team of Warchild come on stage. To showcase some issues they are actually facing in real life. Which you might solve this weekend, but at least for who. But first, give Everyone, first question would be who knows about everyone kind of us. Well, my second question will be, I'm Dutch myself. Jordan probably, I think, also I think one thing that is always as well, the reason why we love teamwork today on, like, echo the why extremely So, like, you shouldn't just be able to build something really quickly. And that's the nice thing about products and those are open as well is basically cool things I'll give a wing history lesson regarding the COVID. As many of you Might know, the majority of your body OpenAI is of course, also working on on ReGrade most on the And the majority of her team alignment, emission, Sometimes people are asking me, like, hey. What do you think will happen within, like, the next, like, one or two or three or even, like, six months? I have no idea. Let alone what was It is really difficult to cross what to etcetera. Hence, it's so important for us as well to before timeline of of where we are at currently right now. Last week, I knew to have been a slide ready for a month. So The slides because I think majority of you that will be my assumption are leveraging things. But as you well where we see the construction. One of them being a lot too early. Terminal scare some someone that doesn't necessarily have, like, any But what we signed for is that people use this product and just make sure that we can also use this capabilities to to go back to the moment to well. I think On our slide, and that's what I Mean? That basically means growth in startups. And the nice thing here is we we have this really cool symbiotic relationship with the stars because what we have been seeing is that we see when there we're growing as well, We face it these lives in the samples we have with it all. Founders do. And we're working together with startups at our preinvestment, just an idea, pre seeds all the way up to the and all the Maybe a quick question on my side. Who carries currently starting a company or is currently at, like, the daily phases of, you know, exploring the ideal of finding something build in? One thing I'm building is that Yeah. Look. Atomic is also in self verification. For this, acathomic. I think you just need to apply for the But if you're actually building production rate, companies are really early stage, and then they, for example, is providing some really stage. Good break in so that you're out feeding the drug stores in your So things are things that we have to mind as well to make sure that, again, the limits So that's a quick summary in terms of how We we are really excited to check what a lot of future see in not specific mine from emission to to engage in conversations. And then again, really much for all being here today. And then I'm seeing you all day. Thank you. Who resinates. So please give more of our So please so that's The So I speak in in a lot of So yeah, we're really hoping to what difference is that we soon Yes. another one before that what do you do? Those are the two Is an area that's the children. Try Which is a communication systems. 