Meeting Title: anthropic hackathon - foodbanks 
Date: Apr 26
Meeting participants: Arian Pasquali

Transcript:
 
Me: One hundred and fifty five thousand. People. That is approximately fifteen percent of the eligible population. The reason why the exposure is so low is twofold. First of all, not enough all in his ears. And second of all, not enough money. Additionally, full balance are incredible and the incredible source of untapped sustainability. Untapped sustainability. Pilot studies Mexico, and Spain. Show that food banks have a 32 time sustainability efficiency. So for every one tongue, of c o two, that they emit, Mhmm. The reduce 32 tons. Of CO2 emission. Mhmm. Now, unfortunately, banks and The Netherlands have no way to measure their sustainability. They are currently not measuring the food that they prevent from being wasted as a sustainability resource. Is no infrastructure for it. There are no protocols for it. There were the frame methodology comes in. Right? That's where the frame methodology comes The global studies done by the global Food Bank Network introduce the framed methodology. Food reuse for methane emission. We can reuse these existing frameworks The Netherlands and achieve two goals with one platform. We can increase we can provide food banks with an additional revenue stream. Through sustainability accounting and we can provide corporations with an additional area to invest into sustainable within the NATO. Supporting local networks providing food access to underprivileged, people, and making for a more sustainable environment. For For this purpose, we introduce our platform. Which is called Climate action. Platform Access. Platform X works in the following way. It's a two sided platform. On one side, we have the corporations. On the other side, we have the food banks. We collect operational data from food banks For example, how much kilograms of food they disperse per week how many families they affected, and what category of food they had. Based on this, information, we create a frame estimate of the CO2 emissions. Avoided by the And based on this estimate, we create a portfolio assembled out of all of the 180 banks and another. These portfolios are optimized by different criteria. They can be optimized by either Oh. Social need or you want bananas. Thanks, man. Oh, that's for you. That Sorry, man. No. No. I I I actually I've just seen, like, one banana yet. I I feel like said no. Like We create portfolios of food banks that are optimized for two different criteria. Either for the maximum sustainable impact or for the maximum social need. And corporations can choose to invest money depending on their priorities. We provide different packages of different portfolios. Ranging from 10 up to any custom amount. In return, operations receive an ECRS compliant sustainability report that they can include or or no. They they receive What should we call it? A BVCM. Compliance report. Which they can include in their ECRM the ECRS. Sustainability reports. So they receive BVRL report. Which they can Which they can include under c sorry. E ESRS. Which means to better ESG sports. Which leads to better credit rate. The corporate The corporations received their benefits food banks, receive their money The people receive their food. Everybody's happy. And we receive our percentage. So that's where that that's where we're at with the story right now. Did I miss anything? 